feat: Add Reference: CC REST API docu page (#108)
citynetwork/docs: docs/reference/index.md

* Our **[API Service Version Matrix](versions/index.md)** lists the
  open source software versions running in our {{brand}}
  regions.

> * The **[{{rest_api}}](cc-rest-api/index.md)** automatically
>   generated documentation provides useful information for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **[{{rest_api}}](cc-rest-api/index.md)**
  reference documentation provides useful information for
```
